Draft: Add issue URL to generated project page (#836)
NA-MIC/ProjectWeek: PW40_2024_GranCanaria/Projects/Template/README.md

<!-- If you developed any software, include link to the source code repository.
     If possible, also add links to sample data, and to any relevant publications. -->

# Discussion

> <!-- Place a link to an GitHub Issue or other place for discussion here-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- Include here a link to a GitHub Issue or other place for discussing this project. -->
```
